[Music]
Ricky edit has just
shamelessly admitted that he has been
scamming his followers for the last year and
nothing has happened to him, I mean, they haven't even gotten
mad at him in fact I'm seeing the
response he uploaded it like this with a
really cool montage that now we'll see that they
are still eating his balls and
thanking him for what just happened I
mean Ricky edy has
basically just confirmed that he has been laughing about
it and taking him for a fool and they are
applauding him there are many things that I will never
understand in this life others yes there are
some that I can't reach Look for
example I watch a lot of these
reality shows on telec no and there is
one called The Island of
Temptations where a guy became famous
Because his girlfriend cheated on him
several times in fact you
have surely come across
the Estefanía meme on some occasion
Estefanía
Estefanía well so this guy the
first time his girlfriend cheated on him I
felt sorry for him the second time [ __ ] he
trusted her and I felt sorry for her again
third the fault of being cheated on
is yours and the fourth is that you
're stupid Well basically Ricky Eddie
dedicates his content to saying that Dallas
is something like a Christian Grey Who
signs cont at with people in a
shady way to perform a rather
peculiar sex But in the end the ones who like
sado are his followers and not
only sado He likes to be
put all kinds of things in the last
hours Ricky Eddie has passed this
currently for legal reasons I cannot
be with Dallas in the same place
doing anything currently I
cannot currently I cannot decide to
access something like that of course by
call or live video this of
course yes because that does not
imply physical contact but as you already
know because I have dropped it in
some other videos Tom legal days
for the accusations that I am
dedicating myself to making me recently on his
public channels and at the request of a
member of the police who asked me to
provide any interaction I
had with him and to give him context
of Why it all starts yes Ricky
Eddie announces that he has put on a couple of
balls Look what a piece of balls  eh I don't
know if they're made of kipon like a
clown nose and he's willing to debate Dallas face to
face in person and the fact
that he drew himself as Batman and
with an arm that is surely four
or five times longer than he actually has,
well, hey, we're not going to argue about it if
the kid has that illusion and he looks like that
who am I to break his
illusions No, it's true that I
see him more like this than Batman guess
who
likes you but oh well it's okay Ricky I
have the illusion that when he reaches
60 years old he'll arrive like Brad or sio like
Jesús Vázquez last night Twitter got
pretty intense with this topic and I came to
this video to comment on them and summarize the
situation apart from having a good time and
assure you that we're going to laugh curious to say
the least is that Dallas was in
Andorra just a week ago Ricky didn't
want to see it In fact he started saying
that he was afraid that Dallas had
waited for the police stations to
close at noon to be able to enter
the country all this his followers
believing it okay And now suddenly
when he has  seen some
Instagram stories in which Dallas is in
Bernarda's [ __ ] I mean on the other
side of the world he's traveling at a
trading event or something like that
he got it without specifying with anyone he
set a date and time for the debate but just like
that without warning or anything it's worth it he
published it on Twitter he found out about
it at the same time as everyone else and
he agreed on his own rules without
warning anyone his own schedule his
own day and he complains if it's not
accepted the move is that d put a
tweet literally saying among other things
a lot of text But well basically that he should
change the date that is somewhere else
and both his followers like Ricky
and Mortadelo started saying
that Dallas had rejected it I mean
literally in the tweet he says he moves the
date and the emos and these idiots
start saying that he had rejected it
But how is he going to reject it for example
this one who comes like Pacifico as they
normally act The followers
of this kid comes and tells me [ __ ]
now what are you going to say that Dallas went to the
town point number one yeah  he goes to the
town his problem point number two it doesn't
say that my king Maybe you haven't
reached the course in which you have to
learn to read but don't put it Ricky
knows perfectly well and assumes that
his followers are idiots
evidently there is no other possibility
to sign without your pulse shaking
that the police call you from time to time
to ask you how you are And if you
slept well Because of the fear you have of
dala I don't believe you that I have said that
time to time what is true that
also has to tell sometimes is that the
police from time to time every
week they call me to find out if I have received
some kind of threat or message of
that new style and in short
I am
fine the restraining order even the
supposed complaint that he said he had
filed against Dallas was an invention to not
accept a debate and I have been telling you
since day one But there were people
who did not enter this video we are going
to see all the lies that have been
told to your face and of course we are going to
be pending and enjoying what happens
with that debate also I am going to give you a
little of my opinion  of Why do I think that
Ricky has suddenly decided to
accept it but well, you're probably
wondering what
Ricky Eddie's followers have said after
realizing that Ricky did make up
the restraining order thing. Well, what you
're seeing on screen is what
Ricky Eddie's followers have said.
As you can see, well, they're obviously very
outraged and the arguments are
completely understandable, I mean, I would
probably be just as angry and I'd
be putting a ton of emojis and
making a ton of drawings Without
going out of line and all that stuff.
And basically, knowing that this
is your Target, it's normal that you take the
liberty and the shamelessness to say whatever
you want because no one is going to
question you, also knowing that
most YouTube channels are not going to question you either
because what gets
visits is going against Dallas.
Ricky has already signed on many
occasions, in fact, he told me without
hesitation in a video call that
he didn't care about having to lie if the
truth made him look bad and if he had to
manipulate the information like his
friend Mortad  delox spreading
false information or even fabricating it, he didn't care
if he had to resort to that to
try to stay on top, I'm not
defending you, your lies, okay
Javi, I think Lada started setting
fire to you from behind so you'd leave the
live, yes, I think that's okay, do you think
that happened, it's not the same as you putting up
a sign saying abruptly cut off the
live stream to your face, man, it bothers me
that you lie, of
course Jai What do you want me to say, what do you
want me to say, does it bother you? Yes,
you're a filthy filthy, not me? What does it matter?
Ah, so you admit that you upload
edited things, but it seems ethical or not to make
a girl sign a confidentiality contract that has just
expired, if it were someone close to you,
yes or no? Tell me, yes or no, you don't have an
answer, very easy Javi, yes or no, do you want us to
go back to that too, you don't have an
answer and you're going to start talking nonsense, have you
done on Twitter before going to sleep? Ha, to the
family and worried, no, why
are you with someone who doesn't have an answer and you
start to joke around with nonsense like a
little kid? no  I mean because then you
also said he deleted the live stream
running you didn't put it up for members
so people would pay so they wouldn't
see what had happened so
people would pay 90 cents with 4000
members that I have Ricky regarding the
debate rules that he
alone negotiated Well honestly there
's nothing that catches my
attention or something strange that couldn't be
accepted I think that Dallas would
also have to put some
condition or Give this a turn
because Ricky surely intends to do
some kind of ener we would have to give it a
turn okay but in principle I don't see
anything strange the schedule doesn't want a moderator
that it will be broadcast live that each
part can be accompanied by a technician
who plays clips and sounds and
documents I hope that in your case the
technician is not your friend delox and he had
threatened me even in private that
my girlfriend would leave me and leaked the relationship of
a person who was his friend and
additionally intimidated her in private
trying to turn her against me Eh He
told you this you're kidding me I
don't have all the evidence I have the
evidence from every colleague evidence from
every colleague evidence from every colleague
a few centimeters later a
threat this conversation here has
deleted messages dasas this has
deleted this we have seen it with spirit has
deleted messages okay there are threats that have been
deleted no then yes yes okay you have it
complete no no because I don't take
screenshots of everything I have the evidence from
every colleague evidence from every colleague
No because I don't take screenshots of everything but
I have nim's word
during the debate sol will be able to
intervene dala Ricky and the technician of
each one the entry of
weapons into the premises will be allowed a penalty in the
event that someone liue and here there is
a point that I found very
funny says the abandonment No attendance or
extreme alienation would consider
the debate officially lost, I mean Ricky
if they don't accept the debate
tell you that you have
officially won, I mean but if the debate doesn't take place
what the hell does he win This
seems to me like your friend cocu
saying Mr. Judge that he wins the evening
this attitude on the part of Ricky of
needing to be told that he has won
something that he is an Alpha when in  The truth is that he's
a little [ __ ], it comes from
low self-esteem and a lot of insecurity and he
usually has this need to be
told that he's won something or that he's
been above someone, for
example in the debate with me. The three
calls that I've made with him have
seemed to me and I think he'll see this
when he grows up,
all three seemed to me like the conversation of a father with
a child behaving badly, it was really a
case of being caught in contradictions, lies and
a lot of inbet and the guy only
knew how to be disrespectful and tell lies
but there was one thing that really caught my
attention because I had also
heard similar things from him in some
live shows and that is that the guy tells you that the one
who wins a debate or the one who is right
is the one with the most likes, okay, the one with the
most likes or the most
positive comments is surely the one who is
right but if it's that in the debate they get you so
screwed that you can't handle it, let's
see, have you put screw in? At what
point Ricky? At what point? But have you
seen the debate comments, we have
clear channels, they are giving me
doggy emojis, this is a tremendous [ __ ].
According to your audience, I have not done that
sent eh I haven't sent that no no
but according to you I mean for you it's a joke
that they give you more likes and a ratio
that's a ratio what explains it to me a ratio
that you have more likes than the other no
well well for it's very good to
know this information eh No no for
me it's a victory I think that's
funny because it's true that the
numbers reflect where the audience's interest is
if one of the sides of the
debate is the one that takes the numbers
Generally it's because of the one that has been
right you're stupid ricki are you
seriously telling me that the Hey about
insulting people younger than you with
more respect Ha ha you had to look eh
but listen to me you're telling me
Really no INS yes yes call me
stupid again have what Sorry sorry repeat that
the likes prove you right no I mean who
has more likes and more who is
listening to this gentleman me when I said
the likes prove me right you just
said it right now when javir when
Tell me yourself you have to regulate of not
t who gives more likes who has more
interest I didn't say  that if in a debate
in which both sides upload it, the
part that gets more repercussion or more
visits is because people have more
interest in seeing it there, therefore they will
agree more with what that
side defends, I'm not saying then you're saying
that the numbers are right Ricky,
[ __ ] Javi Well you understand a
little bit what you want but you think like that
you think the numbers prove you
right
if there's one thing I learned when I went to the
sanctuary is that normally all
the species tend to be together
with each other the capí go with the capí
varas the vaquitas with the vaquita and the
rats as I told you in another video go
with the rat you know who He also
needs a lot of this feeling of approval
for numbers and such What happens is that
this one buys them with Bot yes you got
it right it screwed me up for a second a
second Twitter thread that I wanted to do
that I don't rule out doing the same because there are
things that he has missed to put and
also because I know that it will not transcend
so much in that between magazine Like for
example a thread of those that I can do
in  Twitter but it really messed up the
surprise effect for me because I wanted to show
some of the evidence that he showed him in
a second thread to complement the one
I had just made. You know, I'm putting together
a Twitter thread now that it's become
really popular again, it has
practically 6 million impressions
where it is proven with
irrefutable evidence that Dallas is lying
about his residency, even about his
country of birth, he says he was born
in Estonia. You know, Dallas was born in Estonia.
Of course, you bastard, in Estonia. Come on,
[ __ ]. I don't know why the [ __ ] these
people want me to talk about any subject. If
this guy posts a thread and has more
impact than Donald Trump, I
think this is going to be pretty cool
because I see that cript brus explains it,
exposes it on the Channel of c whatever,
but it doesn't reach as many people as
the millions of people who get them
and the ones that I make, no. Don't
worry, dara. Take out the videos
you want, we're going to have a laugh.
In fact, I remember a
time when I gave this clown some
title, one of those where I post
excerpts from live shows, I think  it was
something like delox panics
against Dallas and the guy called me
running super worried that he wanted
Well in fact you can check
because he even left comments in the
extract itself that I should change the title or I would
not upload more to my live streams that I should change
the title Because I said that he
panicked with Dallas, I mean, look at
how much the insecurity and self-esteem they
have that they can't stand looking bad
they would do anything good Ricky Eddie
took and made up a rape with his girlfriend
and ate the girlfriend's horns
participating in the lie of
accusing another guy of being a rapist to his
face when the blame for the horns was on
the girlfriend Well, not admitting that it was
a Cook I imagine that this will be discussed
in the debate but anyway we are going to
discuss the points because there were
people who still had doubts about whether
Ricky was making it up please I
am going to address these points but come on it was
nonsense Oh okay okay the alleged
complaint was filed a year after he had been
laughing at those messages for a year
What does this mean Well that it is
prescribed that it was already prescribed  at the
time that Ricky said he was going to
report it basically because the crime
of threat expires in one year both here
and in Andorra apparently those
threats were approximately days
weeks before this this was
September 1, 2022 here in this
video where Ricky tells it and when
Ricky starts to say that he's going to
report it and makes up the
restraining order it happens to be at the end of
August 2023, let's say basically if it had
n't expired he caught it by a day or
two the problem basically is that you can't
report threats if you've been
laughing at those threats for a year
saying that they make you laugh and dedicating a
series of videos making fun of the guy who
also used to be in the same places
as you who threatened you but that I
could also bring up the threats
because I ate them out of my mouth come on Hi it
's me again also tell you that he
threatened Ricky
edit mental connection said that this this
Oh right I told it in the podcast literally
literally that one came to me in person at
least without an arm a leg was going to
end up screwing me I was planning to cover your
expenses for  come to the podcast and talk about it
in person but now it gives me the creeps and he
said better not because if not you'll end up in
the cemetery, damn Ricky
edit
obviously for obvious reasons and
security issues sit in a in a
bulletproof glass security booth because of the
threats that I received and that well over
time I have realized the strength
that they have been losing little by little
basically for some reason from one day
to the next we went from things like this
Ricky
edit
obviously Oh yeah first of all not
being in danger because obviously and I won't
say fear but [ __ ] a person who I
consider is not right in the mind
says I want to kill you Why do you reject an
in-person debate with Dallas I don't
want to give him the opportunity to have me in
front of you because you're scared I'm a coward
Yeah yeah cl but let's see yeah because because I
[ __ ] myself because I [ __ ] myself that a guy wants to
rip my legs off rip my
limbs off send me to the cemetery and
throw me all out of place if he ever
sees me on the streets of Andorra As he said
literally or as other people have said
personally murder me with
his hands recently Okay so you
don't want to meet with him in person
because you have  afraid that he'll hit you that he'll
kill me that he'll kill me that he'll kill you a
different tint I think he's capable
currently
for legal reasons I can't be with
Dallas in the same place doing
anything I can't I ca
n't currently I can't currently I can't Ah ah I don't know why he does that but ah I can't I can't currently I can't I can't decide to access something like that he can't decide eh also of course in a call or in a live video this of course in a
live video call of [ __ ]
great at the time in which he said this
last year He's already telling you that it's a
lie that he hasn't put any
restraining order but this is not that
I say it because I feel like it and
because I'm on one side on the other of
YouTube is that you can't just like you can't get
close to I don't know how many meters
be in people on the same side and
have physical contact be
physically in the same place you can't
be contacting him okay
much less dedicating your entire channel to him
insulting you laughing at him when I put
this screenshot on Twitter okay and you know what
his followers told me prevents the
convict  establish with them the victims
Ricky would be a victim by any
means of communication or
telematic computer means written
verbal or visual contact Well the followers
told me the convict the convict Javi reads the
convict they understood the creature that
the prohibitions of the
restraining order were only for the
convict for whom the order is okay so
the victim can approach where
her aggressor is she can contact her
call her and whatever she wants Haha I'll
call you but the convict to the victim I
repeat Ricky tried to sneak to his
followers well he tried to sneak it he sneaked
that the police called him from time to
time to tell him how the
baby was time to time what is
true that I also told sometimes It
is that the police from time to time every
week they call me to find out if I have
received some type of threat or
message of that new style and in
short I am
fine The Movida is that for a time he
was stating in
podcast interviews and on his own YouTube channel
that the restraining order had been
placed that he had placed it with his
balls but mistreated and that  yes he did
and that's why now he won't even
walk through the doors of a police station in
Andorra even though all of pan milandia or rather
Latin America thinks that I made
up a complaint, a
restraining order, your idol, your God, and
the head of the sect that you belong to
can check it out. Whenever he wants, in a
principality where he is not
legally accepted residentially, but
at the visitor level, he can
come in and ask to see what they
tell him, he tried because the last time I
tried it was pure I'm going to kill you and I
said, look, let's put a restraining order on you just in
case they try to take you to Andorra like
that quickly without warning and it's gone, okay. And
then basically when he saw that the entire
internet, which was over 15 years old, well,
except for some specialist who is older,
was laughing at him, he changed his speech
and went from saying that he had it, that he had
put it in place, to that he had requested it
because apparently someone, even though
we told him 28 times that he was making a
fool of himself, told him Ricky that this doesn't
work, so this isn't like  you
go to mercadona and buy something that
you can request a
restraining order and if the judge sees real danger
and accepts it, he puts it if not, no I mean there
are a lot of cases in which there are
things much more serious infinitely
more serious that are messages and they have not
accepted it from someone then and with
arrogance he began to say Hey hey I
have never said that I have posted it that
I have visited it that it is different they have to
activate it you do not feel like
sending or publishing a
restraining order that you are supposed to have he
knows perfectly well what I have what it
means that it has been requested and What it
means what it is to have a
restraining order validated by a judge he knows he is
playing with that he knows that his
audience is infantile and idiotic to
make them understand that what I have is
a restraining order against him
when it is not true what is is the
request I do not know how many times I am going to
repeat it I am always going to have all of
Latin America telling me Oh well show
the order Look you ask the judge and maybe he will
surprise you if you had
the possibility for example Hey  look
eh you sit down to talk to him now I can't
because I issued a restraining order
so in fact he has lied even
about filing the complaint a complaint for the
right to honor whether through civil
or criminal means you do not file it at a police
station you have to hire your
lawyer to draft the complaint the
claim or the lawsuit and present it to the
court through a solicitor you do not
go to the police station like the one
who is going to report that they have opened your
car yes it comes to think at some
point that Ricky yes he could have done it to have
gone to the police station to
report to have a paper and
show it to the children But now I think not that he does not
even have that and that he did
not file absolutely any complaint
Likewise I tell you in the event that he
had filed it it has been a year since he
filed it or since he said to file it and
obviously they have not even filed it
or it is anywhere The Movida is that
no that it is another invention and listen
Carefully I launched to activate the order of
distancing That they have taken so much as
a joke and as a lie what they
told me is no it is not for less Ricky
are you saying that the police call you
from time to time to find out how he is in
the country in fact I have it they did not
pass it to me directly but I have the
current location for which he is not here
and even Listen to this man activate the
restraining order That they have taken so much
as a joke and as a lie
what they told me is he is not in the country
in fact I have it they did not pass it to me
directly but I have the
current location for which he is not here
and you have given him the location I mean
imagine the police the played one of
these giving the address to Ricky
Eddie of course so that later you send it
to cristob bru or one of
these clowns and put it in a Twitter thread
in which they will then pay bz so that it
has repercussions until he does not come or is
not identified at the border well it
cannot be given to him how do I
explain it man so as not to how can it not be
thrown to him that he is identified at the border
eh notice In  that he is
identified at the border because then the
clowns have started saying that when
Dallas was in An Torra
last week they didn't arrest him and nothing happened to him
because the police station was closed
the border was also closed from
3 in the afternoon they open that
the purge let's go directly
zarel Hey there is a complaint against you for
some threats and some things that the
complaint comes from much much later it
comes from when he called me an ador and stalker
for the whole BX issue But well but
of course if he is not here how do you contact him
when it is someone who is not a resident of
Andorra we do not hear against you again
for some threats and some things that the
complaint comes from much much later it
comes from when he called me an abuser and
stalker the guy flew so as not to how
can you not throw himself at him there is a complaint
against you for some threats and some
things that the complaint comes from much
much later it comes from when he called me an
abuser and stalker because of my ex
but well but of course if he is not here
how do you contact him when it is  someone who
is not a resident that the complaint comes
long after the
restraining order Or rather, first she put the
restraining order on him and then much
later she filed a complaint against him for
calling him the abuser Listen to what he
told me on the call at the police station,
complaints are filed in Andorra for
civil honor. I went to a police station to
say, Hey, there's a guy who's calling me an
abuser and who's linking me
to gender violence based on
assumptions that he thinks I'm
abusing or mistreating
me. But what complaint did you file, Ricky? What
is the complaint about, what the hell? Give me your
law or police degree. Look at me,
sir, or judicial, no, no, no, no, if not, I don't
know what the hell I'm telling a father from
Seville, it's not going to be boring, a night of
family vacation,
the police are going to give it to him, they're going to give it to him at
the border, what's going to happen with
the complaint, Ricky, because the
lawyer, the lawyer from Dallas, was
contacting Ricky on Twitter, gave him
the address of the law firm  He offered to
notify me that I would be delighted
because there are many times that they do not open the door to
the postman so that quickly a
complaint that I am going to file is offered
to the opposing lawyer to appear, they
fixed the joke that the other day or
rather two weeks ago he affirmed that
the restraining order had already been passed
to higher authorities, meaning that it was
already there there, right Ricky and
today I do not care to comment on it, it has already
passed the police now it is in a
larger organization that is more concerned
about other things than just my
safety because they have discovered more
things for which they are not interested in having
a person of his profile too close. But
well, it will be discovered when he decides to take
a walk through the Pyrenees. He
has gone to an instance, he has passed the
police or in other words, the restraining order has been
passed, he has passed the police
now it is in a higher instance, it will
soon arrive in space What is a
higher instance Ricky the CNI the fb Ah
the government of the United States
tell us more because in the end
Dallas did take a walk through the
Pyrenees and what  you said it was that Of
course it is that Dallas had
dared to enter Andorra because at that
time the police stations were already closed,
the police stations in Andorra only
open until
noon, they said it with their balls here you
have the tweet, let's go, it's not only
that Ricky said it but all his
friends, for example Mortadelo, as a
good pet that I don't know if he's Ricky's,
Willy's or who's because he doesn't know
who to suck up to so they
let him play paddle ball, he went along with it, he's on it,
buddy, that the photo that
Dallas uploaded in Andorra was either from Google
or he entered Andorra with the police station
closed, let's see if it seems okay to check out
what we have now, let's leave
poor Dallas crying in the little corner,
which by the way Dallas said he had
gone to Andorra. No, the truth is, he doesn't have
any photos in Andorra, he took a
photo from Google Maps and
technically came to look for it, not to look for the
restraining order he had on a day when
everything is closed from a
time when everything is already closed  I don't
know, it must be the person who handles it the worst.
Look, technically, it wouldn't have
come from the herv amb well, whoever
was hiding at that time
stopped those holidays to come
check if there was something around here, he comes
when it's closed, he could have
done a search before on Google, no,
and validate if it was open or not, where he
had to go to see it seems really
ridiculous to have to clarify. This is worth it
because it's simply that the
argument they are using is as
if Andorra basically from 3
in the afternoon onwards was the purge. I understand that there will
be police stations that close at noon
and in the morning they will be dedicated to
administrative matters. But you can go to
the police at any time, eh in almost
all countries. In fact, here you have the
website of the Andorran police and it
tells you administrative hours every
day of the year from 8 in the morning to 9 at
night, emergencies and complaints 24 hours a day,
365 days a year. I'll say one thing. If it
bothers him that people love him, don't
act like
one. Let me explain. I mean, it's not that difficult. I'm
not saying if you don't want to.  that people
call you dog or bark at you or do stupid things
like that I'm saying one thing If it
bothers him that people love him dog he shouldn't act
like one I'm telling you I don't know if delo is him
Willy Rex's dog Ricky's dog
is constantly looking for an owner he does
n't have one Of course but what does
seem to be is that in the end the thing he
has is because he has been traumatized
by the Dallas poa that by the way
delos who had 10 bullets against Dallas
has not answered Dallas or the
nostalgic thing that Dallas said that delos was
stealing people's
credit cards a few years ago delos
published some conversations
manipulating me let's
see if he can at least explain with a
coherent explanation okay Not one
of his normal ones because
precisely today he deleted his entire
channel there you have the visits in negative
the guy has deleted all the videos from
his channel precisely now it is repeated a
lot I don't know if they will tell you To you but
many haters say I'm
downloading it that they are used to
people who delete their content and for what
reason should I delete them I have  the
evidence of every colleague evidence of
every colleague I don't know what they
've thought and what ambush they
're setting for him or whatever
but I really don't think they have to
force themselves too much because they know
perfectly well that whatever happens and whatever is
said in that debate,
the people who support them and the
people who follow him or all the channels and
twitterers and people who are against
Dallas are going to agree with him, I mean, there haven't
even been any videos or threads or
tweets questioning Ricky because he
made up this thing about the
restraining order and the complaint has been lying for a year
basically eh all the
lies he told in the last two calls he had
with me Like for
example the nonsense that a
confidentiality agreement doesn't allow you to
tell your lawyer because it's
confidential, that contract doesn't prevent you from
reporting if something has been done to you, it does prevent it
because reporting it means
telling a lawyer what you have signed
and a third party can't be a party to
that contract those little ones little ones eh
Look what a follower comes to answer me
when we're  Speaking yesterday
about Ricky having acknowledged that there was no
restraining order or anything, we have to
remind you that the lawsuit he filed against him has not been
confirmed by a judge and that the
restraining order is not legally
confirmed, Ricky himself says so. I don't know
if you remember this girl, she's the girl
who appeared a few clips ago in
a debate with Dallas and then in a
debate with Ricky. Well, this girl
made a video insulting me, apart from
insulting me in videos, she also insulted me
several times on Twitter, barking at me
and a confidentiality agreement. If these
people have signed a contract without
reading it and the contract is
confidential, neither party
can say anything. Now, if they have
something to reproach you for, that contract does not
prevent you from filing a complaint if something has been done to you, it does
prevent it because reporting it means
telling a lawyer what you have signed and
a third party cannot be a participant in that
contract, it is stated in the
contract itself, that does not exist. You think so, I think
not. Tell her to pass it to you, to
pass it to you, she will pass it on. Clause:
the receiving party must reserve all
confidential information using a
high degree of security  limit the disclosure
of any confidential information
between both parties and never to other
people beyond those included in
this agreement, which are only Dallas,
who in signing only reveal certain
confidential information,
previously agreeing on the means and ways to
do so. That is, I reviewed the script
and the format before uploading it and you
understand that this means that you cannot
tell your lawyer if they commit a crime
against you when said that they commit a
crime against you. You don't just want to
get rid of it because this contract seems like a [ __ ]
aberration to you. You already withdraw at
least what you told me in the debate
and d abused this girl, I
couldn't report her, I told her yes, it's
wrong, Ricky is recognizing So
what's the point now, you can't
tell anyone, the lawyer either. Look, no matter
how important Adas are to you
and your life, okay, before the
nervous laughter, have you found out what I just
told you, nervous to be a father, family at
2 in the morning on vacation, talking on
the phone, nervous, were you
taking your relative to Andorra to
make you a series of that  they had cheated on you
and saying it was
rape is okay well well this girl
feeling the approval of Ricky and his
mob apart from those tweets made a
video insulting me mentioning without speaking
in private and giving an opinion about a kid
who is only trying to put his
opinion on the internet is a little low
considering your age and
well the responsibility that you should
have with your daughters and not with other
randoms on the internet mentioning the
family like Ricky What they learn is
okay then he apologized I accepted the
apology and such but I want you all to be
aware of this eh Because it is right in
front of their eyes eh I mean right in front of
their eyes and they don't see it he starts to say in
the video that he has consulted with two
lawyer friends if what I am saying
is true or what Ricky is saying
regarding the issue of the
restraining order it was seen that I was not very
informed at the time but because I
was apart from being very nervous I was
like trying to digest everything that
was happening which is the request for a
restraining order that is an issue that I think
I made clear in Ricky's video that I  I
was wrong when I told Dallas that well, she
was right that there was no
request that she was wrong in
telling Dallas that she was clear that there
was no request that I'm going to leave you
a message above if there is no
reason and it says here the cure eh And put the
screenshot here that she is a lawyer in the process of going to she is
doing the master's in fact in
which I can explain to you perfectly that it
is completely acceptable for a
person it is completely acceptable for
a person to put a
restraining order against you and
talk about you on social media that a
person puts a restraining order on you
or makes a request and
that you talk about them on social media of course
completely normal the most normal thing in the
world is that you request a restraining order from a person that you are
very afraid of
and that you talk about
them on social media that you dedicate your channel to them
like Ricky right now no that you
dedicate your channel and your Twitter to them in case it's not
useful and in case it's not useful here you have a
second opinion the worst of all is that
this girl who is saying it So
convinced and with the no with the bullying
let's read the two screenshots of
screen of the messages that
her friends two two lawyer friends send her according to
her although you have not yet obtained the
restraining order yet in theory you
could talk about him let's see power you can
Of course you I can I have a mouth I have a
tongue I know how to talk I can talk but it is
important to know that because of that it can
affect the perception of your case in
court they could consider that you are
interacting with the person
directly or directly I would add here what
can weaken your argument of
needing protection and lead to it being
denied but I would tell you that you can you
could and the other screenshot is
even clearer yes but if you still do not have
the restraining order uploading videos
talking about the person can be
interpreted as provocation or harassment
also the other party could use those
videos against you notice that here
these lawyers do not know the
tone and the terms in which
Ricky adala is speaking if they knew they would
say girl what is that question it is
best to avoid any public mention
of the person until you have
legal advice because it could be reason for
the judge to deny it by understanding that the
situation is not then so dangerous
aunt putting The screenshots  having
cut them out, that is, you have read
your friends' messages, you have read them. It is assumed that
having read it, you take screenshots, the
flaws in the video, you have edited the video and you have
published the video and you have
not interpreted anything, you have not read anything, you have
interpreted that they are telling you that
yes, it is possible. I can't take it anymore, that's why
many times the issue of frustration
that I have and the frustration with these
stories and basically in the end what I'm
going to do is explain the little things
and whoever can't understand them because they don't
have the capacity, can't. As much as I
would like to and then I say another thing,
also a lot of restraining orders and
a lot of fear of danger, but
some conditions would have to be set. I think that
even not giving notice of the day and the time or
at least the place because the
followers are already putting up this type
of message, that is, the mob.
Ricky's followers, I wouldn't rule out that things might
get violent and that they might start
shouting insults, throwing things, even
attacking. Let's say they are already putting it up, they
are literally warning you. And if they go, it's
for this and nothing more. You are the least indicated
to talk about copying others, apart from
not criticizing  a d review And yes, if you
think I'm going to leave you alone, I will
until you strongly criticize d
review for their disgusting actions and their
walking hypocrisy. The thing is,
not all of them are children. I've realized that there are
some who are a little
older. I hope not more than 30, honestly, I
hope so, or more than 20, but for example, the
editor is 21 and yesterday I posted a
tweet saying that I was going and he came to tell me
wof
wof 21 years old, so there are people
putting it on themselves. No, people started
putting it on themselves, man, you're 21, so let
the kids put it on themselves, okay, but you
're 21 and the kid took it and
put a picture of a bowl of
food here. You know, you'll see when
this kid realizes that Ricky puts the bowl of
food on him, that at 21
your work life is Ricky Eddie,
hlan award and F media, which is
Ricky's company, basically your
emancipation depends on Ricky Eddie So
wow  wow and well to close the
video all the people are
aware ima with the pambi super
worried and this class action lawsuit that was
going to come out this month the other day of this
exclusive from one of them okay I mean
this was one of the channels let's see I
sincerely this doesn't
surprise me the truth is that the gentleman
showed manners from the beginning
[ __ ] what Cab dude made us cut the
live man this guy [ __ ] on his [ __ ]
mother son of a [ __ ] on your muos bad I
hope you mu has
stopped Yes yes it has stopped Elena I ca
n't
play with this money son of a I hope his children are born
with and
his radio breaks you Well it turns out that
these people who previously had
a complaint for fraud I don't know what
stories have just been discovered now
okay they currently have a lawsuit since June
from a few
affected people because they convinced people to
invest in their companies a
scam but a powerful mess okay they
are asking for 400,000 And these people were
paraded through all the channels they
showed clips of them everywhere
Simply because they insulted me  me and
because they were against Dallas and
Pambi anything goes But now
this comes out and caetes family I will be
informing you of any news that comes
out okay I tell you I think the
debate has to take place this 4th and I
hope it happens I trust it will happen
but yes some conditions would have to be clarified a
little so that
Ricky is safe and they don't scratch me
but measure it because I don't trust anyone there
Nobody's welcome okay I will be reading
the comments box I invite you to
subscribe to the Channel if you like this
type of content in a while there
will be another video okay I had to
upload it and I put this one in the
middle but there will be a video today tomorrow
too and we'll see each other a big kiss
You are here Simon Simon can you hear me H yes
gringer very handsome How are you Very well and
you man that I see you are doing
slots or what Yes we started weeks ago man
because they gave me a day to play in a
crypto casino and I tried the bitcoin
leveraged by 1 and another day I tried  an
aviator game you know aviator Yeah yeah yeah
and we've created a community of people
who love watching us play aviator
man I've been on Twitch for two weeks now like
10 12 hours a day Well alright
man alright you see I've been
watching you these days Here playing
aviator like crazy man you make money or what's
great about one out of three times more or less
what happens is that I play with money from
donors it's like I don't spend my
money you know I tell people if you
want me to play donate if I win then I
give half to the guy who donated And
yeah but it
's my final money How do you manage
portfolios of compulsive gamblers they have the
money and you invest for them here in
the avor coro man exactly and the
courses that I sell well I play half
of the tuition I tell the guy come on
Buy me a course that costs 150 and we
play 50 Cool Cool it's that I see you a
lot at night Here playing
viator man I'll write to you and we'll look at it
Simon  Man, I love what you do, man, I've been
following you for a long time.
Thank you very much. A hug, a hug,
man, a hug. How cool, guys, H is coming. The
voice.